---
layout: post
title: Introduction To Math And Calculus
---
#  Introduction
## Introduction To Math 

Introduction to Math (IM) will teach you bascis in set theory, logic, combinatorics, precise formulation of statments, logical reasonaing and construction of mathematical proofs.
All these concepts will be vital in future courses!

Course plan:
 - week 1 - Sets and Logic
 - week 2 - Proofs
 - week 3 - Combinatorics

By the end of the course, you should be able to:
 - work with elemetary properties of sets and lgoic
 - construct elemetary proofs using basic techiques
 - work with elemetary properties of combinatorics

## Exam Rules
There will be two midterm tests:
 - IM (1h)
 - Calculus (2h)
These tests will be independet, but you should still have the prior knowledge.
No notes and electronic devices.

In the 10th week there will be an exam from all material. 

You will have to complete and pass a case study assignment to pass the course (there is some option to repair).

See [canvas page](https://canvas.utwente.nl/courses/9008/pages/intromath-description-topics-educational-targets-examination-rules?module_item_id=257997) for more detail.

#  Sets
Set is a well-defined **unordered** collection of **distinct** elements.
It is denoted within curly brcktes in one of these ways:
 - list of all elemets $\\{1,2,3,4,5,6\\}$
 - pattern $\\{1,2,3...6\\}$
 - properties $\\{ n\|n \in \mathbb{N}; 1 \leq n \leq 9 \\}$

Notation:
 - $1$ is an element of set $S$: $1 \in S$
 - $1$ is not an element of set $S$: $1 \notin S$
 - $S$ owns $1$: $S \ni 1$
 - $\\{1, 2\\}$ is a subset of $\\{1,2,3\\}$: $\\{1,2\\} \subseteq \\{1,2,3\\}$
 - $\\{1, 2\\}$ is a proper subset of $\\{1,2,3\\}$: $\\{1,2\\} \subset \\{1,2,3\\}$
 - 

[See Canvas](https://canvas.utwente.nl/courses/9008/pages/micro-lectures-week-1) for the microlectures. 
